doc: add AI guidelines (#17365)
rook/rook: Documentation/Contributing/development-flow.md

To submit a change, create a branch in your fork and then submit a pull request (PR) from the branch.

### Begin with an Issue

> Before working on code changes requiring more than a few dozen line additions, maintainers recommend create a GitHub issue following the issue template, or join an existing issue's discussion.

Reviewer: maybe just a personal preference on wording, take it or leave it...
```suggestion
Before working on code changes requiring more than a simple bug fix, maintainers recommend creating a GitHub issue, including filling in the issue template.
```

Discuss options for appropriate issue resolution with maintainers, and get confirmation before creating a pull request.
Once an issue is assigned to a contributor, they may begin with the next steps for resolution.

> 

Author: Created based on the discussion here: https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/17365/changes#r3101780220

As Travis noted, this guideline is most appropriate for all contributors, not just AI.
